# perfect-spotify-playlist
generating a playlist, based on a song, from your liked songs only! 
# “After that communism was the only answer for me, I thought. And if you can’t be a communist and make money you have to be a rock n roll star, at least in Hoboken. “ -Lou Reed

My dream job would be working for Spotify as a data scientist since their product is the only product I can 100% get behind, 
# "and if I can't be a rock 'n' roll star and make money, then Spotify is the only answer for me, I thought; at least in Brooklyn." 
I knew right from the start that I will dedicate my most crucial project to rock n roll and Spotify. 
I was lost, however,  as to what I wanted to do. What is not done yet?. One day when for the 100th time someone asked me for my Spotify playlist, I found myself having to explain once again why I do not have any playlists. 
The truth of the matter is that liking a song is straightforward on Spotify. I can do it in less than a second, but making a playlist is an art or a dire project on its own, one that I was dreading to tackle. Where should I start? There are MANY ways I could categorize my liked songs and make a playlist based on a song's mood, similarity amongst artists, their genres, language, decade, story, and thousands of other ways that I cannot even imagine. Too many options always crippled my decision-making abilities, and now I was left with more than two thousand songs in my playlist that I played on shuffle. They would change my mood from a hopeless romantic to just mindlessly dancing, and that was only half of it.  
Then, I remembered the time I was listening to "Going to California" by Led Zeppelin while driving home. I was lost in the lyrics and the tempo of the song and had turned my volume very high. The song came to an end, and the red lights turned green, all while the next song played on HIGH VOLUME: 
# John Bon Jovi, screaming "SHOT THROUGH THE HEART, AND YOU'RE TO BLAME, DARLING, YOU GIVE LOVE A BAD NAME".
If one listens to "you give love a bad name," on its own, on high volume, one might enjoy it. But when you're lost in the dreams of "going to California, the last thing you want is Bon Jovi accusing you of giving love a bad name. It could give you a heart attack! 
That was it! This is my destiny! This is why it was brought here on earth!!! I need to automate Spotify to make various playlists on my liked songs, and like songs alone, and do it fast, because while I like to pretend that I am an open-minded person, I have to admit I'm close-minded when it comes to music! I only listen to the 2000 songs I've liked, occasionally adding one or two to the collection. Besides, creating a playlist seems like such a daunting task. Either I would get too distracted and end up with a five-song playlist, or I would lay in my bed static upon waking up, dedicating 10 hours to the task. Either way, I would wind up frustrated. 
# So here it is, an app that takes YOUR liked songs and creates a 20-song playlist for you, based on any song you choose! The first ten are in ascending order of tempo, and the next then in descending order, because WHAT GOSE UP MUST COME DOWN -Isaac Newton(probably).  
